rpc: Add config options limiting getConfirmedBlock response data (#15970)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/developing/clients/jsonrpc-api.md

- `<object>` - (optional) Configuration object containing the following optional fields:
  - (optional) `encoding: <string>` - encoding for each returned Transaction, either "json", "jsonParsed", "base58" (*slow*), "base64". If parameter not provided, the default encoding is "json".
  "jsonParsed" encoding attempts to use program-specific instruction parsers to return more human-readable and explicit data in the `transaction.message.instructions` list. If "jsonParsed" is requested but a parser cannot be found, the instruction falls back to regular JSON encoding (`accounts`, `data`, and `programIdIndex` fields).

>   - (optional) `transactionDetails: <string>` - level of transaction detail to return, either "all", "signatures", or "none". If parameter not provided, the default detail level is "all".

Reviewer: full?
```suggestion
  - (optional) `transactionDetails: <string>` - level of transaction detail to return, either "full", "signatures", or "none". If parameter not provided, the default detail level is "full".
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/solana-labs/solana/pull/15970/commits/ab9b35903448de091f021fdf724b56cb14b8a29a

>   - (optional) `noRewards: bool` - whether to skip returning rewards for epoch-boundary blocks. If parameter not provided, the default returns rewards.

Reviewer: How about flipping this around:
```suggestion
  - (optional) `rewards: bool` - whether to populate the `rewards` array. If parameter not provided, the default includes rewards.
```

Author: Flipped in https://github.com/solana-labs/solana/pull/15970/commits/ab9b35903448de091f021fdf724b56cb14b8a29a
